update documentation for module soft links (#1335)
JCSDA/spack-stack: doc/source/PreConfiguredSites.rst

   # Check permissions for systems where non-owning users/groups need access
   ${SPACK_STACK_DIR}/util/check_permissions.sh

> To support users who consistently want the latest release, on tier 1 platforms, soft links pointing to the modulefiles associated with the latest release of the Unified Environment are provided under the main spack-stack directory contain releases. The usage consists of `module use /path/to/spack-stack/latest-ue-<compiler>`, and then loading the spack-stack metamodules as usual. These soft links should be updated when each release is finalized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support users who consistently want the latest release, on NOAA RDHPCS tier 1 platforms, soft links pointing to the modulefiles associated with the latest release of the Unified Environment are provided under the main spack-stack directory. The usage consists of `module use /path/to/spack-stack/latest-ue-<compiler>`, and then loading the spack-stack meta-modules as usual. These soft links should be updated when each release is finalized.
```
